Last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.
I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?
How about I shift my stick into something else...
Yo're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
Your IQ is roughly around room temperature.
If brain cells had value, you'd be broke.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I have 5 fingers, the 3rd ones for you.
Is that a phone in your pocket or is your rooster happy to see me?
I bet you play soccer because you're a keeper.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
If you are going to be two faced, at least make one of them pretty.
You bring everyone a lot of joy, when you leave the room.
I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you never use it.
Are you a lanerope because I can't seem to stop hitting on you?
You're the reason they invented double doors!
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
What's the difference between you and eggs? Eggs get laid and you don't.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
I treated this relationship like my diet, one cheat day a week.
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
If you are my basketball , I'll never pass because I want to keep u all to myself.
I don’t play soccer but you’re my goal.
I'm jealous of all the people that haven't met you!
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and shit out a smarter statement than that.
You're so ugly, when you popped out the doctor said "Aww what a treasure" and your mom said "Yeah, lets bury it."
Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
You shouldn't play hide and seek, no one would look for you.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
You're so ugly you scare the shit back into people.
Hey, you have somthing on your chin... no, the 3rd one down
It's not because I don't like you, it's because I hate you.
If you're gonna be a smartass, first you have to be smart. Otherwise you're just an ass.
At least when I do a handstand my stomach doesn't hit me in the face.
There's only one problem with your face, I can see it.
